Did he ask to see me?
The CEO is here
Sooner or later, you finally realized that I have something to ask you
What's the matter?
Can others listen?
Did you kick Shu Yan's mother out?
I came to you for this
You think it's a trivial matter?
I warn you.
If you don't need Shu Yan and your family anymore
I'll make you disappear here
Your mother put me in charge
On my mother's side, I naturally said
But you do your part.
Otherwise, I'll let you know what the consequences are.
go out
Why can only it be plain?
Why can't it be me?
What is Xiaofu doing?
It's all your fault that I came in and was scolded. Go away and see
I feel sorry.
I feel sorry for him locking the tire, don't be kidding
How could I possibly like this nonsense?
Oh, yes, drive a car king and report to you.
Mu Zixiu went to look for the tree again